you and Thomas MBE is an Olympic silver
medalist the British 400-meter record
holder and you and Reese a treat himself
to a brand new ducati 1098 today this
complete petrol heads will be making
another dream come true with some
one-on-one coaching from stunt driving
master Russ with right I'm going to
teach you a few basic maneuvers
handbrake turns reverse spin jumping or
the ropes
russ demonstrated a devious little auto
testing course that he dreamt up
requiring an elaborate combination of
handbrake turns in Reverse flicks later
on you and would have to complete this
course against the clock but first he'd
have to remember the route and it's 20
maneuvers so sorry 6360 round the cone
yeah and reverse back into that gap nice
now it's time to practice practice
practice gotta get this yeah this is it
mr. competitive
oh you and made a few mistakes to star
trek but eventually he got into the
swing of things eventually there were 26
year on the town
we go
bed to class practice was over and it
was time for the actual run possible
supplier riser every smashed car or cone
you and will incur a five-second penalty
he has to complete the course in one
minute 20 including penalties steady as
a rock not to you and this might as well
have been an Olympic final three two one
star to star
it's nice neat through that yes good
well done good turn that's where the
paternity was gonna come from nicely
through there stopped beside the line
she didn't even come
that's good that's good
you see moresee that's good cleared
mobster yes he's going to do
come on illusion Oh
take it easy take it easy don't try too
hard nice and easy come on oh that's
five
now the 360
he's so competitive
ITV's gonna wear with that
360 to follow
Russian aggression
well don't ask come on
someone finished at 16 17 18 19 1 11.8 I
was happy apart from the end but you got
one corn so what's that one-sixteen
one-sixteen L do yes why she really
you